gh-93243: Make smtpd private before porting its users (#93246)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.12.rst

  (and corresponding ``EXPERIMENTAL_ISOLATED_SUBINTERPRETERS``)
  have been removed.

> * :mod:`smtpd`, deprecated in Python 3.4.7 and 3.5.4, is now removed according
>   to :pep:`594` schedule. Use aiosmtpd_ PyPI module or any other

Reviewer: Reword for readability and grammar, and put the removal first as the most important thing. 
```suggestion
* :mod:`smtpd` has been removed according to the schedule in :pep:`594`, 
  having been deprecated in Python 3.4.7 and 3.5.4.
  Use aiosmtpd_ PyPI module or any other
```

Does `:mod:` markup still work if the target doesn't exist? If not we should just use literal ``` `` ``` or no markup at all.

Author: Applied.

Sidenote for history: I copied the original wording from the [binhex removal news entry](https://github.com/python/cpython/blame/8150b8cf7fe09d601246f5bdc6456a0e31f31bca/Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst#L1347).

  (and corresponding ``EXPERIMENTAL_ISOLATED_SUBINTERPRETERS``)
  have been removed.

> * ``smtpd`` has been removed according to the schedule in :pep:`594`, 

Reviewer: Docs CI is complaining about trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
* ``smtpd`` has been removed according to the schedule in :pep:`594`,
```

  select from a larger range than ``randrange(10**25)``.
  (Originally suggested by Serhiy Storchaka gh-86388.)

> * Removed strictly synchronous smtpd module, deprecated in Python 3.4.7 and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the strictly synchronous smtpd module, deprecated in Python 3.4.7 and
```
We should be consistent with the above on `:mod:` markup.

  to :term:`filesystem encoding and error handler`.
  Argument files should be encoded in UTF-8 instead of ANSI Codepage on Windows.

> * Removed the strictly synchronous ``smtpd`` module, deprecated in Python 3.4.7

Reviewer 2: Technically `smtpd` isn't synchronous, it's just built on the deprecated `asynchat`/`asyncore` framework.
